---
layout: page
title: DECRESCENDO
description: Exploring acoustic mechanisms in hydrogen flames
img: assets/img/DECRESCENDO.webp
importance: 1
category: On going
giscus_comments: false
---

<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
  <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0"  max-width="300px"    max-height="150px" >
    {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/DECRESCENDO.webp" title="FlexFoil Cover Image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
  </div>
</div>


# Project overview

DECRESCENDO will employ a multidisciplinary approach, combining experiments, modeling, and simulation. The project will leverage the expertise of researchers from multiple institutions with backgrounds in combustion, acoustics, turbulence, and data analysis to explore the dynamics and sound-generation mechanisms associated with ultra-lean premixed turbulent hydrogen flames. The project aims to develop simplified modeling frameworks and tools that can effectively describe the key flame and sound-producing features of these flames.

# Keypoints

*    __Multidisciplinary Approach__ : DECRESCENDO combines experiments, modeling, and simulation to achieve its goals.
*    __Focus on Hydrogen Flames__: The project specifically targets ultra-lean premixed turbulent hydrogen flames.
*    __Data-Driven Modeling__: Simplified models will be derived from high-fidelity data, including experimental and numerical simulations.
*    __Understanding Flame Dynamics and Sound Generation__: The project seeks to unravel the underlying mechanisms that govern both the flame dynamics and the associated sound generation.
*    __Model Development__: Simplified models will be developed for both flame dynamics and sound sources.

# Expected Outcomes

*    __Physics-Based Models__: The project will deliver low-order, physics-based models that can describe the essential mechanisms of flame dynamics and sound generation.
*    __Improved Understanding__: A deeper understanding of the relationship between flame dynamics and sound generation in hydrogen flames will be gained.
*    __Model Applications__: The developed models can be used for future optimization and control studies.
*    __Knowledge Advancement__: DECRESCENDO will contribute to the advancement of knowledge in the field of combustion and acoustics.

# Audio description
 {% include audio.liquid path="assets/audio/DECRECENDO_desc.mp3" controls=true %} 

  # Disclaimer 
 This content was partially generated by AI.